add new introduction that explains basket (#33)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/shared/overview/introduction.mdx

export var platform

import IosPackages from '@site/docs/ios/overview/_shared/_PackagesExplained.mdx'
import AndroidPackages from '@site/docs/android/overview/_shared/_PackagesExplained.mdx'

export function PackagesExplained(props){
    if(props.platform == "android") { return <AndroidPackages /> } else return  <IosPackages />
}

# Introduction

This SDK aims to facilitate the integration of Mealz eCommerce to any grocery shopping mobile application.

It implements a series of components that can be re-styled to your standards, and injected into your app.
Mealz Components interact with each other and handle the communication with the Mealz API.
Using this SDK, you should not need to communicate with the Mealz API directly from your app.

## Background knowledge

### How do we get the data?

> Your backend will work with our backend to share the referential information, often just called the "referential."

Reviewer: more supplier + provider

SupaMRKT will listen to the Mealz basket & our SDK will listen & update the SupaMRKT basket.
- If a user adds a Mealz Product -> it will be pushed to the SupaMRKT basket
- If a user removes a Mealz Product -> it will be removed from the SupaMRKT basket
- If a user adds a SupaMRKT product -> Mealz will do nothing
- If a user removes a SupaMRKT product -> Mealz will cross-reference its products & remove it if it was also a Mealz product.

Mealz keeps a copy of the SupaMRKT basket & updates it every time there is a change to the real one.
When there is a change involving Mealz products, Mealz will send the CHANGE between the two baskets, & the SupaMRKT will update their basket accordingly.

For example,

SupaMRKT has this basket:
- Tomatoes, 2
- Granola, 1
- Yoghurt, 1
- Banana, 3

Mealz has this basket:
- Granola, 1
- Yoghurt, 1
- Banana, 3

As you can see, the user added Tomatoes individually, or OUTSIDE a Mealz Recipe.
It can be assumed that the Granola, Yoghurt, & Banana were added WITH a Mealz Recipe (Yoghurt Parfait perhaps).

Now, lets see an example of a user adding a Mealz product.
This user loves Granola, so they decided to add another Granola item to their basket.

> Their Mealz basket is now this:

Reviewer: a schema ?

- Granola, 2
- Yoghurt, 1
- Banana, 3

The change sent to SupaMRKT will be this:
[Granola, 2]

SupaMRKT will now update their basket, replacing the existing Granola of 1 item with the Granola with 2 items.

Likewise, if a user added Strawberries to their basket, via Mealz, their Mealz Basket would look like this:
- Granola, 2
- Yoghurt, 1
- Banana, 3
- Strawberries, 1

The change sent to SupaMRKT will be this:
[Strawberries, 1]

At the end of the transaction, the SupaMRKT basket would be this:
- Tomatoes, 2
- Granola, 2
- Yoghurt, 1
- Banana, 3
- Strawberries, 1

Of course, your Product objects (& ours) are more complex than just the name & quantity, but in essence this is what occurs under the hood.

> ### I am a supplier (3rd party connecting to a grocery store, like a delivery app), how does the communication with Mealz work?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I am a Recipe Provider (3rd party connecting to a grocery store, like a delivery app), how does the communication with Mealz work?
```
